The ceremony of Immortal Venerable entering the altar has begun
The Immortals are waiting for someone to teach in Sendai. Hello
No, Junior Sister is Shenxi Dragon Girl
Dragon Soul Shelter
It stands to reason
It can beat this underground black pepper
Black pepper is not a golden dragon
But he took away the charm of the elves' lineup
Plus over the years
He practiced the magic of killing meat
That's why I have the ability to compete with my junior sister
Gan Ancient Wudang Empty Sky on the Big River
Sonny was just warming up
Can you still stand this trick?
Sanming, take a look
So what if you are a real dragon?
I could have killed your parents back then
I can kill you today
Haven't lost yet
Weak too weak
Sonny
Haven't you practiced on dogs over the years?
How interesting?
That's all
Just like your father did
Or you try to die with me
Then I slapped him to death like a dog
Hahahahaha
intercede
Help my father court death